In this lesson, you learned a little bit about how to think like a hacker.
You covered the hacking lifecycle,
vulnerability management process, and threats, attacks and exploits.
By now, you should be able to categorize assets, risks, threats, vulnerabilities,
and exploits using resources like the NVD,
CVE, and Mitre Attack Framework,
identify different types of vulnerabilities in the system,
identify the categories of a cyber threat,
determine the phase of a cyber attack,
and recognize common exploits.
Use this information in your role as an IT or
cybersecurity professional to better secure your assets,
information, data, and enterprise.